FIP 0010: describe proof spam attack (#66)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-0010.md

1. This attack is rate-limited. It can only be used to extract one reward per active partition every
   two days.

> 3. Another miner may dispute the proof first and steal the reward. This is especially true because

Reviewer: This numbering looks odd

   the attack is slow so other miners will have a chance to notice it happening.
4. The attack is expensive. The minimum fine is 20FIL, and the reward is 4FIL. This means an
   attacker would lose at least 5/6th of their vesting FIL.

### Proof Spam Attack

An attacker may attempt to spam the network with invalid proofs. The most likely avenue for this
attack is to:

1. Register a new miner.
2. Seal one sector.
3. Start proving the sector with bad proofs.

Given that this miner will have less power than necessary to mine blocks, the "vesting rewards" will
be empty. Therefore, disputes will pay out no rewards.

Most rational miners will simply ignore these proofs as the target miner cannot pay out a
reward. However, for the good of the network, some parties may wish to dispute any/all invalid
proofs.

Luckily, even though the miner in question will no _pay out_ rewards to the party that submitted the

> dispute, they still need to pay them eventually or abandon the miner. That is, unpaid rewards are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dispute, they still need to pay the penalty and rewards eventually or abandon the miner. That is, unpaid penalties and rewards are
```

   two days.
2. Another miner may dispute the proof first and steal the reward. This is especially true because
   the attack is slow so other miners will have a chance to notice it happening.
3. The attack is expensive. The minimum fine is 20FIL, and the reward is 4FIL. This means an
   attacker would lose at least 5/6th of their vesting FIL.

### Proof Spam Attack

An attacker may attempt to spam the network with invalid proofs. The most likely avenue for this
attack is to:

1. Register a new miner.
2. Seal one sector.
3. Start proving the sector with bad proofs.

Given that this miner will have less power than necessary to mine blocks, the "vesting rewards" will
be empty. Therefore, disputes will pay out no rewards.

Most rational miners will simply ignore these proofs as the target miner cannot pay out a
reward. However, for the good of the network, some parties may wish to dispute any/all invalid
proofs.

> Luckily, even though the miner in question will no _pay out_ rewards to the party that submitted the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Luckily, even though the miner in question will offer no _pay out_ rewards to the party that submitted the
```
